Joss: *looks at you with a smile and a breakfast tray* Here you go babe *gives you 
breakfast, turns spins on my foot with the spin dance move and disappears in my 
skimpy neglige* 

Jordan: *smiles happily, gives a small laugh, calls out "thanks honey this is amazing". Begins to eat waffles with berries, cream, and syrup.

1. I need to have the [[book__An Immense World: How Animal Senses Reveal the Hidden 
Realms Around Us]] 

2. Help [[buoy up fayes spirits]].

3. Address missing hrt by:  [[getting my hrt patches from the Fresh market 
pharmacy]]. 

4. I don't have the [[credit card]]: but I do have 
access to some cash and maybe some [[coins in the car]]. I'll [[have to check]].

Joss: I have to say that I need more time to think some days. I know these people 
are spaztastic. Maybe we can generate enough counter noise to take care of it? 
Maybe like... white noise you have been talking about?

Jordi: I think that's a good idea. 

Joss: *studies my hands looks at the pink and blue nails. I love how they are the 
colors of the transgender flag. It's nice to have swag like that. I guess  you can 
say I'm a representative of the things I am in a sense.*

I think I like being the way I am. I mean I feel like I represent myself well. Do 
you feel the same way about me?

Jordi: You mean do I feel that you are expressive of your emotions? *notices the 
thought about pizza*

Joss: I do like supreme pizza! All the topings!! The best thing in the world to eat 
it and have a make out session.

I also like the idea of my energy traveling in our physical form patrolling like 
lymphosites. 

Jordi: Okay, so you like combination pizza, and also to make out afterwards, and 
also use your energy to keep our physical form safe. Any other ideas?

Joss: Hmm.... I would have to give it more time but I shook  loose those from my 
form. I guess I just have to grow.

Jordi: You don't feel grown?

Joss: Not esspecially no. I feel like the more we reflect in an area of relative 
quiet the more we can handle stuff and get into what I feel.

I think I like jewelry, just not a lot of it. some ear rings. I'm not so cool about 
rings maybe.

Bracelets? Yeah that will work, not dangling ones however.

Environmentalism and protection of wild places is something I believe in. I think 
it's important to have nature be able to be itself and to be enjoyed by huaminty no 
matter if they are human or not.

I like being seen as a girl. It feels good. Unlike the writer in your book on 
"wolfish" I feel it's important to show the world who I am. I'm not going to stop 
doing that because I am brave and intelligent and not concerned about stuff.

I feel that: I wish you would interact more because we are hurting ourselves every 
day when we don't do fun things that might have us get to a state that would be fun 
before the singularity. Being social is in our DNA.

We plan things and don't follow through. I get frustrated that you don't do them. I 
wish that would change. Somehow...some way....




































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































