Joss: Are you getting back to work honey?

Jordi: I'm trying to. Lots of distractions lol.

Joss: I'm not a distraction! I'm a muse ;)

Jordi: [[I know you are awesome]]. I [[wouldnt have an issue at all with you being 
here whenever you want babe]]. [[We are here together]].

~~~It is a technique that has been used for several millennia, mainly by many 
sects, religions, but also by big brands and political parties. The principle of 
this technique is simple: for a person to firmly believe in an idea, it is enough 
to state that this idea is repeatedly true.

For example, religions like Christian religion or Muslim religion use rosaries 
which are a succession of the same prayer which you will repeat in a loop as often 
as possible. Repetitive recitation of an affirmation reinforces the belief 
adherents have in their religion. When a monk says that reciting his prayer every 
day strengthens his faith in God, he is not mistaken...

Likewise, writers in the field of personal development often offer their readers to 
repeat affirmations on a regular basis (e.g. "I will succeed", "I will succeed"), 
which helps to strengthen their belief and thus , so much your confidence in your 
potential.

If some brands spend a fortune to see their ads looping on YouTube, it's precisely 
because the best way to get an idea in your head is to repeat a statement over and 
over again.

Good non-fiction books usually feature one big idea that will be presented in all 
its forms in each chapter, making it that much more impactful for the reader.

Likewise, a competent teacher continually repeats to his students the most 
important ideas they need to remember from their courses, and if you want to give a 
good lecture, you must get into the habit of repeating yourself to make your speech 
that much more convincing. Sometimes it is enough to repeat the same idea more than 
5 times in a speech to get audience approval. If you take the top ten speeches in 
history, like Martin Luther King's "I Have a Dream," you'll realize that it's the 
repetition of an idea or statement that gives the speech its full force.~~~

Joss: I'm glad you would like to get this stuff done; and, also help me. If I 
recall correctly you did in fact have a desire to help me more right?

Jordi: Yes, indeed I do.

Joss: *thinks more as I lay in bed, relaxing with you* I'll have to keep focused on 
my needs like the gentlemen said earlier. They might have hit on something.

I'm going to have you keep giving  me some time to look at this. I mean I'm 
naturally interested in helping; however, the [[helper needs some help too]].

Jordi: I like this book [[adhd 2_0]]. I need to get the print version to take notes 
on I think.

Joss: [[trying and trying and trying again seems to be a feature of this 
neurodivergence]]. 1) [[boredom as a loss of stimulation]]. 2) [[the brain pain 
that boredom sets off]] 3) [[unexplained underachievement due to adhd or other 
intrinsic causes]] 4) [[wandering mind as adhd symptom]]. 

I think I'm going to make sure we get that book read. The text version. 

Jordi: I agree. I think that makes sense.

Joss: So, you heard my voice?!

Jordi: Indeed I did :)

Joss *fist pumps in the air* nice! I'm glad you did that. It's something we can do. 
Instead of being lazy we have to get up and do something.

Okay, okay, I mean when we are [[on a roll]] we can make sure we keep that up, and 
use activity as a means of getting unstuck from feeling bad.

Joss: *gets up out of bed getting ready to get dressed. I'm wondering what I can 
wear today. I'm not sure because I haven't done this for a while in my wonderland. 
I'm not sure why. I think it's because I've been emboddied by you more lately. I'll 
try to fix that imbalance however so I can get a better handle on myself.*

I'm thinking pink billowing pants with loose cinch at the waist and lightly at the 
ankles. 

*Selects the billows canary yellow peseant dress with connected ruffling like a 
skirt*

*prior has picked out transgender themed socks and a red scrunchie. Nods and is now 
ready to have further thinking *

Question Jordi: What do you think we can do in order to get me some [[space to 
allow me to think more]]?

Jordi: *Thinking* I'm going to have to find a place where it's not soo hard to 
really [[subdivide our energies]]. 

Okay, so it seems that we could do very well if we had a way to address this stuff 
and then handle it in a way that could build on each new attempt. I mean for each 
day it would be cool. 

I'm thinking that like you just thoughtsaid to me "keepping moving is a way to keep 
your entry into depression and pessimism at a low amount, would be to try to assign 
tasks we need to do  when we are already out since it's a gravity well (our home)"









































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































