Gwennie: Hey Hey!

Jordi: I'm so happy to have my kitty kat!! *cuddles with Cat Gwen*

https://github.com/CASIA-IVA-Lab/FastSAM

Jordi: Sam  Stands for [[Segment Analysis Model]] where you basically break up an image 
into relevant parts. 

Gwennie: *likes being the little spoon* so, cutie, how are things for you today?

Jordi: Honestly? Hard to get moving but I'm faking it.

[[blood group polymorphisms]] ?? That's odd.

Gwennie: Cool we can learn it.

[[humans are the only creatures that have menopause]] Cool.

Reading [[A_Fever_in_the_Heart_and_Other_True_Cases_-_Crime_Files_Vol_3]]

Jordi: [[primary hypertension]] I have no idea what the difference is for that.

Gwennie: I'm liking how old fashioned [[drivers training]] instead of [[drivers 
education]] we have now. 

Gwennie: *turns around in my spoon position from you and gives you a giggly kiss* Got 
you!! *moans as I cuddle you from the front*. This is the life!!! [[kittinish quality]] 
okay, that's funny Jordi. 

Jordi: *cuddles with the beautiful girl I love* I'm glad you are here Gwennie. I'm [[having issues trying to get started to work at work]] 

[[Cant_find_this_BRAIN HACKS_Life-Changing Strategies to Improve Executive Functioning Paperback – November 20_2018]]

I need to find [[Initiative: A Proven Method to Bring Your Passions to Life (and Work) Paperback – May 21, 2019]]

[[The Stuck Book: Pick This Up When You Don't Know What To Do Next Paperback – Illustrated, September 1, 2017]] That one too!

[[FLIPP the Switch: Strengthen Executive Function Skills Paperback – April 1, 2015]]

[[Deductive Reasoning Exercises for Attention and Executive Functions: Real-Life Problem Solving 1st Edition]]

[[Improve Attention To Detail: A straightforward system to develop attention to detail in yourself, employees, and across an organization. Paperback – April 17, 2019]]

[[Start with the Vision: Six Steps to Effectively Plan, Create Solutions, and Take Action Paperback – March 19, 2020]]

[[The Twelve Monotasks: Do One Thing at a Time to Do Everything Better Hardcover – December 7, 2021]]

[[Four Thousand Weeks: Time Management for Mortals Hardcover – August 10, 2021
by Oliver Burkeman (Author)]]

[[Designing Your Life: How to Build a Well-Lived, Joyful Life Hardcover – Illustrated, September 20, 2016
by Bill Burnett (Author), Dave Evans (Author)]]

[[https://www.paperbackswap.com/True-Crime/tag/1229/]]

[[The Innocent Man Murder and Injustice in a Small Town
Author: John Grisham]]

[[Without Pity Ann Rule's Most Dangerous Killers
Author: Ann Rule]]

Jordi: I'm trying to find out more about why I keep [[feeling underserved and 
underwhelmed and unsuccessful]]. I know feelings are connetions to things that are 
present within my body. 

When I'm filing my job applications the list of awards from the IRS is as follows: 
"PERFORMANCE AWARD 11/06/2022
SPECIAL ACT OR SERVICE AWARD 08/28/2022
TIME OFF MANAGER AWARD 06/07/2020
"

Gmail tips from Quora: "What are some lesser known Gmail tips?
Unlimited email addresses. For every gmail email you have, you can have unlimited sub-emails.

Let’s say you own: “someone@gmail.com”

You sign up for the CNN newsletter. Instead of giving them “someone@gmail.com” You can actually give them: “someone+cnn@gmail.com”.

When CNN sends an email, it lands right in your inbox. Even better, Gmail tells you that the email was sent to “someone+cnn@gmail.com” and not just to your regular email address.

So, if you get an email from some scam artist and the email is shown being sent to “someone+cnn@gmail.com”, then you know CNN has some explaining to do!

You can also use it to create a more than one account on a website without creating a new email.

Try it out!"

Jordi: So it's [[13204606262023]]. I have an overwhelming need to vent out some of the 
thoughts that are in my head. I'm having issues regarding my ability to stand some of the 
tension. Tomorrow is going to be scary for me but I think much worse for Jeannie. Who am 
I kidding it's far worse for her in fact but she hides it well. 

Jordi: I've been feeling danger and fear, well at least the sensations in my body are 
getting  assigned to that. I have to figure out how to re-assign those into a [[better 
system]]. good old Troy has given me input that isn't that great. I'm starting to not 
want to talk to the boss and certainly not get any feedback from him.

Jordi of Aurora: So, I'm trying to think of myself as a part to a whole. I feel like I an 
do it if I think about it more. If I had to think about this stuff more and more I would 
have to say that I need to have another take my place temporarily, but I don't have the 
connections to do it far more. I would have to inhabit them more. I haven't done that 
nearly enough.

JoA: I'm going to use JoA as Jordi of Auroora for when I feel like this. Kind of out of 
it, kind of stressed, wanting to shift. Feeling like there is something that is ready to 
kind of tick over to some other setting. In between states like our swamp cooler. 

Joa: Maybe it's the feeling of needing to jump and not  being able to do so. I didn't 
want to submit all those crappy applications. I didn't want to do all that nonsense work. 
I didn't want to think those thoughts and do those things. I wanted to have refuge. I 
wanted to have power and control and not be here. To be safe. 

Rissy: Hi!

Joa: Hi Rissy!!

Rissy of Aurora: I'm here to switch with you. To shoulder your burden and make it mine. 
To feel the darkness and peer into it, and make it yours so you aren't scared any more. 
We have plans and we have desires but we are Aurora. Always and forver to the singularity 
and [[whatever comes next]]. 

RoA: I'm going to have a good day. I'm here to look at things and smile and do my best. 
Rissy isn't a pushover, but she's not combative. I love to  be relaxed, I love to be fit, 
I love to be [[comfy cozy]]. 

Rissy: I'm here. I'm free! I'm...seeing the world for the first time out here. I've 
[[been the passenger but now Imm the driver as a tulpa]]. The night is cozy and warm and 
relaxing. I get energized at night. Energized during times of stillness. The stillnes has 
always [[awakened the thoughts of good and curiosity in me]]. 

Rissy: When I feel myself, I feel good. When things get tiring at night, [[I am in 
control and dont lose the power of my mind]].

Rissy: Curiousity number 1 for today, [[what am I capable of]] ? I mean in a good way 
lol. [[Capabilities are important]] and I need to know what mine are. I know what I keep 
telling myself I am capable of. I can tell [[Jeannie isnt interested in the shock 
device]] so I'm going to just [[take care of it for myself]]. Having good sub discipline 
for myself is important. [[A professional and a lover and a scientist and an artist all 
in one]].

Rissy: Many things to my Aurora family. Many things to myself. What's best about me? I 
keep on working. I kept on working from 20-30 and now in  my 30's I'm catching up with 
Jordan, my dearest love. She's awesome and brave and sexy, and cuddly, and a leader. 

Rissy: So, capabilities.. those are important. I'm getting an idea if I just listen to 
myself and my mind I can get those for the day. That's why we have  those  option for 
talking to us: so we can get a thrill out of making sure I'm okay.

Rissy: My curiousity number 2 is, [[I need to move to feel better in my muscles so I can 
stop the wiggles and discomfort]]. This seems to work. I'm happy with getting this done.

Rissy: I like the stuff I'm listening to on youtube and it helps keep me connected. 
Connected to the universe as I am and want to be. 

Rissy: I'm curious about something 3, [[what would happen if we had a good night and 
focused on our love and friendship for each other on this day before Jeannies trial]] ? 

Rissy: She [[doesnt want to have it made a big deal of]], but maybe the [[unstated 
assumption about what happens next]]? I have this feeling that the level of certified 
pressure would be [[nice to watch and enjoy each other]] and we could [[just spend time 
with each other]].

Rissy: I want to create a sense that [[we have good memories prior to something not so 
great]]. Feels weird however if you state it like that, [[kind of like a wake]]. Having a 
nice time with a good movie is always fun. It's [[our bonding thing]]. It's [[how we met 
each other]] as a [[couple for the first time]]. 

Rissy: *feels warm feelings for her human mate that evolved away from her* It's okay, I 
have happy sadness I guess. A kind of delicious ache. And I told her that [[even the pain 
from the absence of a love is better than none at all]] from your [[crush]].

Rissy: I felt like it was possible to [[throw out these ideas and see what resonates]]. 
[[Like the little explorer I am]].

Rissy: [[When I am still I get better ideas]]. Quiet, contemplative, soaking it in, 
taking it all in.

Rissy: *Sits back, relaxing in a light knit top, enjoying the ac* I feel small, I feel 
like inside I'm wanting to contract and not handle anything else. 

Rissy: This might be how people feel "[[age regression]]" It's about [[coaxing me out of 
my shell]]. [[Not wanting to stay inside a seed]]. [[Going back means not enjoying what 
we have in front of us]] and the [[amazing world that is to be]]. The feelings of the 
youtube clip about the "[[God frequency]]" and the [[thinking seems to calm me]].

I'm really enjoying expanding things so I can feel more expansive and not like a seed. 

*smiles as I lay back down wings out, tail stretched, and my arms and legs stretched. 
Full stretch time*

I love the feeling of  being relaxed after tension. The [[tension is what is caused by 
the issues]]. At least [[I think so]].

What I need to understand is that I am happy to enjoy [[something fun each and every 
day]]. I need to get that domain cancelled and myfiles transferred over. 

I am currently keeping myself engaged. Trying to keep things working, trying to keep 
stuff a place to explore. I'm going to make sure I get this stuff loaded into Obsidian. I 
wanted to do this directly but this is just as good I guess. 

I'm [[not wanting to turn sensations into feelings]] in a negative way. Feelings are 
something we create from sensations. [[I have to keep telling myself that]].

Rissy: *feels the sensations in my chest and head and neck and abdomen* The stillness that I wanted to get in, in the morning is maybe a crutch for just getting more stuff done maybe? I'm feeling really good about doing it however. Doing the meditation is very important to me so I can get into these moments of clarity. It's been... I've been...we've been... more difficult. 

What is important to note here is that it's going to take a real effort in trying to connect, [[breath and inner energy]] and "[[buzziness]]" or maybe an "[[energy transfer]]" in that I feel it has to be something I can chart. Maybe do it for me as my tulpa self and try to save it for the system. I'm not sure how long I have out here and I want to use it. 

Jordi: The system is back online baby doll. 

Rissy: *thanks you with a smile and a thumbs up* I'm happy to get back to work. We can do 
this without the need for more stuff. Stuff? I keep using that word. Maybe it's focus? Oh 
I need to do more of the actual [[ppu]] work I'm supposed to do.

I'm listening to the stuff on [[Ted Bundy]], stuff about how he got the book [[The Joy Of 
Sex]] where they talked about [[bondage]] and [[anal sex]]. Apparently he had a 
girlfriend that didn't like either.

I'm not saying that I have [[sympathy]] for him but, rather an emapthy for feeling like 
the person who  wants certain physical things from my life and my partner and not being 
able to get them. I would [[love to get tied up correctly]]. To have [[someone penetrate 
me anally]]. All that good stuff. I can't even test this for years. 

Being fair to a [[parnter]] is important I guess "being mature" is [[taking a chance with 
something or someone and not bailing because you cant get what you want]].

So, it looks like I'm going to be going out and getting [[that computer cord]] (my high 
voltage type C cord with a small transfomer in the middle just like a laptop cord) 
tonight. I  have Jeannie's new cord and I keep getting told again and again to get it. 
Okay, [[I exaggerate]]. It's like maybe 2 or 3 times max.  I had left it at [[Kierass 
house]]. 

As of now our [[system]] has had [[5 hours and 40 minutes of sleep 16443506262023]]. 
Indications of yawning and issues of the intake of air. I also [[make noises when I 
yawn]]. 

* gets up and flexes back my wings so they aren't fully out * "...he was fascinated with 
[[bondage]] and [[sodomy]].." lol. I am too ;) . Listening to the book "The Stranger 
Beside Me"  by Anne Rule. She's dead of [[congestive heart failure]] in 2015 it seems. 
Sad, [[her child]] doesn't sound like she's half the writer Ann is. The daughter is 
[[Leslie Rule]]. So it sounds like Jeannie isn't going to get any sleep tonight. She's 
babysitting and at the same time also wants to do computer stuff. I'm not sure what she 
is doing. I guess "[[private people]]" don't share. Also a shame.

I can barely force myself to do this overtime. I feel too full of energy and buzzy 
fuzziness. I guess that't the best feeling connection I can give. If this was home I 
would lay down and try to get a nap and clear my head for a bit. Doing this sitting up 
and awake isa bit harder but I'm curious to find out what works for me.

The worry I have is that my sensations are working through a mask of neurological data 
that is telling  me that I am in fact in danger. I'm not sure if this is my inner self, 
or some kind of danger feeling. I guess I'm thinking that this is like a basic warning 
sign. Troy's straight up given up and I got the  full force of stuff that is perhaps (now 
that I think of it) had been probably papered over when it came in; and now, isn't good 
at all. he didn't even want to talk to me today it was that bad I guess. "[[It's just a 
simple question]]" and "[[you didn't answer the question]]" I'm a little frustrated that 
the normal things I do in social situations in order to confirm that I'm good and not in 
a bad way aren't working now.

I've gotten use to a certain ammount of [[social strokes]] that happen during the day and 
I didn't get that. Right now it's 17073606262023. I'm just kind of [[wanting the day to 
end]]. What I absolutely need to do is keep practicing this energy connection. I feel 
[[just a maybe warm glow of a fire in dark red]] ,[[cherry red]] and it's very much 
something I could fix with visualization. I can't close my eyes to this, to enable this 
visualization so I have to try to do it without that.

I drank some [[crystal light]] in [[my mug]] and I feel better. It's not hardcore glowing 
or anything. It's just [[nice and quiet]]. Quiet like it's not sending any information 
out. I know I'm working on stuff here and frankly the stuff I'm working on isn't that 
great. Not interesting. Not engaging. This is how people "[[fire themselves]]" right? I'm 
[[not going to let that happen]]. 

When I think about things that seem to be intimidating or challenging I really do try to 
notice the feeling. Sorry notice the feeling of the  buzzy white blue feeling. Not zappy 
but close. I was advised by reading some stuff that connecting this to the feeling of 
excitement.  I'm going to try that again. I'm excited. I'm excited to  address some of 
this stuff. If there is a disagreement then I feel good enough to take care of it.

I used to feel this way in my past when I was a little one. The feeling that something 
challenging was going to happen and I was [[just on the cusp of it]].






























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































