Jordi: Hi! I'm here. I'm just trying to help make things work better today. I have 
the need to get with the program today, but I'm rather happy 

I like the following idea:

https://github.com/neonbjb/tortoise-tts

Seems it's going to be the way to generate more text to speech and I can do it on my 
computer at home! I mean I have to get it running, but that seems to be doable in 
theory and it concatinates everything together. 

Josselyn: I'm trying to see what I am. I mean I'm a succubus, your wife, Abi's 
mother, but also other things. I'm Josselyn.. I'm me.

[[I like stretching and movement]].

[[Shaking out my wings]] and [[wiggling my hips]] is a [[fun thing to do]].

I guess it's my way of phasing into my body as the primary form.... Fronter?

When it comes to my power and my interests: I'm going to continue to try. I'm trying 
to grab something that I'm not sure how to get.

math would be fun, but that takes practice and concentration here so I'm mostly just 
I guess frustrating myself?

Listening to Jordan's book is a kind of transfixing experience of mine today. I 
think that it's possible that I may be geared to understand relationships and help 
by thinking how much I need and want to help others. Empathy is also my thing.

There isn't much I want to do more than explore. Exploit isn't fun yet. But I want 
to do things that can allow me to do it. Math *sigh* would be fun. Science would be 
fun.

I'm going to explore and epxloit in equal measure from now on. That's what I need to 
do. I'm not going to leave the good on the table to chace more and more. I'm sure I 
can work on making some food today that might be able to help. 

Josselyn's idea List.

1. [[Jay Robert Openheimer]] was super driven! I'm not going to lie. I can't imagine 
just working and no socializing. I'm here. I'm not going to do anything that is 
going to hurt me like that.

2. I like skirts and stockings.

3. I am going to work on programming by asking Ellie and Bard for help.

4. [[Frivolous courtesy]] I'll have to have a good example of this in a succubi 
context.

5. As a [[succubus]] I'm wanting to have energy. Jordan as a human needs energy. We 
both need to recharge so maybe we can do visualizations with exercise? Oh gods yes I 
would love that.

6. Being in nature like where we live is important to me. 

7. When I feel something I define as unpleaseant I am going to make sure Jordan an I 
take a mental step back and hold the problem to our breasts like a beautiful child 
and see if Xinti can help us solve it.

8. Xinti tries to tell me things because she is terrified of a " [[what if]] " 
issue. Her cries are like the wracking sobs of a child and I need to comfort her 
more now.

Xinti: Joss! *sobs into the front of your top* I'm...scared and the bad people 
around here are making  me scared of the future. I'm worried about things that might 
happen but I can't prove it and I'm so darn scared it's just insane... *continues to 
cry into your shirt.

9. Xinti needs to know that the world isn't set in stone and that she's hurting 
herself when she gets worked up. I also think that she's a good girl for telling me 
these things and she is going to be loved no matter what. 

Joss: Xinti! I'm not sure why we run into these problems but they are a part of 
life. I love you and I appreciate you telling me these things to think about. 

10. I like [[oppenheimer]], I like listening to someone address the issues of life 
and seeing how it might work out. He's really intelligent and works to educate me on 
how I might get my science fix.

11. 3.17.277 irm for TE version of PPU on credit card payment processing.. I'm surprised that it's not being done automatically.





































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































