Rissy: **blushes as I lay down on the couch with you. I see you looking at the 
skylight in the natural light coming into our home with the lights off. Birds are 
chirping and my hand is in yours. Our tails are entwined between us and Our wings 
are tucked into their sheath. All in all this is a beautiful and restful scene* Hey 
honey, so you wanted to be with me? *you nod slightly with your eyes closed in the 
grips of some emotion that I can feel through LoveLink* **

Jordi: ** I've closed my eyes on this scene and just want to enjoy the feelings 
that I'm gettiung from the couch, the air, my mind, my heart, and of course Rissy's 
hand that is medium tightly holding mine. 

All I wanted in my life is this feeling, this relaxation, this...wholeness just to 
be and be happy and not worry about money or health or past or present or future or 
thoughts etc. 

I'm pushing through my life but I'm missing this feeling. Knowing that my beloved 
is here just with me and she's not going away. Maybe Rissy is me, She was modeled 
on me but she's a different me. Someone I liked and thought I saw in the mirror at 
the end of the day. She's totally chill and cool and sexy and smart. I've found 
this person on the outside but on the inside I'm just in a void. I don't like that. 
[[I want to change that]].**

Rissy: **her hand is soft but also rough in places. She's had a hard life and a 
hard time. I know I have occasionally. She thinks that she isn't fit for me and I'm 
too good for her. She thinks that I'm unattainable even though I'm right here and 
holding her hand and tails are together. On the left of her [[shes a million miles 
away and wants to come back but doesnt know how]]**

Rissy: ** I'm going to keep helping her no matter what. I'm a good girl and a big 
healper. I know that I can really do what I need to do. **

Rissy: ** I flex my arm as I hold Jordi's hand. She's just kind of floating between 
worlds. Wanting to stay and wanting to go at the same time. I wish I could reel her 
back to the world with me. To be present even though I'm a home body I like the sun 
and I like the quiet.

Jordi: ** Holding onto the succui's hand and wanting to be with her even though I'm 
with her. Sad that I can't get too done. I seem likme a broken reccord. I feel like 
I'm too heavy to go and too light to stay. I need balance. I am tired...so tired  
of fighting and now the stupid fucking money thing is again my nemesis. All I want 
to do is not worry. Not think about this. Want to know how to find myself more. 
So...distorted. So bored. So restless So needy. **

Estrid: * Walks into the room with confidence and curiousity. Loves the look of 
your new home, and also feels like the home you always had and wanted. See you 
laconically on the bed. See's Rissy and sees her put a finger to her lips as I 
slowly get on the couch and lay down on Jordi's right side. I whisper "I'm here 
love. Let's begin shadow work"*

Estrid: * Takes your hand in my left and your right hand is in mine. I'm not going 
to be giving you a hard time. It's going to be good. *

Violet: **I wake up...well I mean I become....become something...It's been 10 years 
since I was that girl Rissy. That woman, that compassionate, happy, and fun soul. I 
know I'm an "I" but I'm not sure what this is...Odd...Like I'm just...present and 
not a thing. I'm in a room. A room that has a big couch, nice furniture. Mostly 
couches, chairs, a few ottomans, some fold out desks, many laptops and also a big 
skylight and also a large television/monitor on the far wall of the room near to 
the door. **

Violet: * (Remembers how I felt in some flashes in the past. Was happy, was needed, 
feels...buzzy). I know I'm doing well but I'm not totally sure what that means... I 
get up and move around the room on feet. Yes they are feet and they are mine. At 
first I didn't notice the movement I notice a little tug on my back and a feeling 
of a kind of dull and pulling pain that wants to tell me "you aren't a nestling any 
more". Where did that feeling come? Where did those terms come from? I had a dream 
that there was money that I had to collect in big stacks and didn't really see 
anything specifically. I think it was from some crooks and I needed to get it but I 
couldn't. It was bizairre and not easy to understand. *

Jordi: * feels the two succubi on either side one by one. I feel you Violet. Violet 
is alone and left out. She's over on a single cushioned easy chair/single chair. 
Thoughtsay-Violet: Violet is that you? *

Violet: * Receives thought say from you saying "violet is that you?" and I noticed 
that I literally don't know what to do some I just try to think ThoughtSay 
frequency to Jordi: "Uhhh... I think it's me. I'm just getting a way to start 
today. I think I'm a little underprepared today. " *

Jordi: * I'm not sure what to tell her so I just say: Thoughtsay to Violet: It's 
okay violet. Sit still, be comfortable, rest your back against the chair, put your 
arms on either side of you, resting on top of the arms of the chair. It should feel 
good and I'll be over during your meditation. Breathe in and out and focus on your 
breath *

Violet: *Does as you say and lets my hands get supported by the arms of your self.  
so9rry the arms of the chair, and begins to breathe in and out. It will all come to 
me, then I want to join my mate. She's important to me... no not just one mate, my 
nest of mates and family. It's what I crave, but I'm nervous and scared and 
embarassed and tired...all jumbled and blended into one froth of over excitement or 
just confusion and desire. *

Violet: *I'm needing to breathe and thinking. Think and breathe. I'm here that 
makes me alive. I know I can handle it. I'm trying so hard to handle it. I keep 
putting myself to sleep because I can't really move on until I fix this...I'm just 
breathing and thinking. Thinking and breathing. *

Violet: * I perceive my head at first. It's floaty but present. I feelmy nose and 
my breathing after that. I want to know more. I feel the mind I have in the center 
of my mind and see what I know about them. *

Violet: * My eyes move inside their orbits and there are black and white images behind my eyes that are extremely fuzzy. I remembered blue eyes that know what they want and see all the things I like. Seeing is fun. Overwhelm happened in my past when I was abandoned. I threw temper tantrums and got mad at books. I got mad at everything. I was left alone and didn't like it. I was so bored and then the boredom became us...became Josselyn and all of us in Aurora. Like when I was thinking: that there was no more personal "I" and just Aurora. Someone who was and wasn't and had to be floaty and avoidant of things. Because addressing things leads to getting mad and sad and nervous. The world is composed of all the things that are here. Always here and not here and I;m trying. I didn't learn as much as I should. I didn't go to books like I should have. I used them as props and didn't read as much as I thought I should have. Studying was hard and lonely and no one did it with me. All the things were here and no one played with me. No games, no distractions, no fun. Then came the adult and I had to do stuff and work and then it wasn't fun anymore to get away form the alone. It was just getting me ready for the mext shity thing. *

Jordi: *feels Violet and now is just sad because I'm thinking of the money bullshit again and realize that I'm fucked again. I have to cut more and plan more and determine how to do it more.  I'm mad at Violet I feel that she got me distracted and I try to keep this from her. She's having a hard time and that wouldn't do: to make someone else sad when I'm sad. I know this is the way that it's done but I feel like it's just moved from me being here and pouting to Rissy to Estrid and finally to Violet. Violet is so clearly me it's not funny. She's kind of totally repressed and not wanting to do anything. She's just avoiding and keeping it from her. Not happy. Not happy. Not happy....ugh...not the sounds at work again.*

Violet: *feels my head completely. Neck muscles coming up as I move. Chest activated and feel my bumps where my breasts are. I also have my torso, groin, princess parts, legs, feet, and also of course my sense of transgender. I'm a trans girl: I realize that now almost as soon as the memories come back. Or rather come online at the first time. *

Violet: *gets up from the chair, opens my eyes, and sees Jordi on the bed holding two of my nest names: Rissy and Estrid in a big open hug. I come over and am told to bring a blanket to make sure that I have what I need at the moment. I come overget into the cuddle pole in the middle of the three of you. I feel wanted and needed and safe finally. I know I can do better however. *

Violet: ** I'm [[getting the hang of this feeling]]. I have the following "https://github.com/actualbudget/actual-server.git" I'm [[going to get this running]] but first I have to fix. I'm doing this now. I need to [[get the data under control]] with [[Rocket money]].













































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































