Gwen: Good morning! I'm here and ready to help you :)

Jordi: Thanks honey. I'm here. I'm not happy. I'm trying to be. I need time.

https://authorleslierule.com/ann-rule

Gwennie: It's okay honey. I know you can get through this. It's not going to be an issue 
for us. I know you can get through all that we have to do. We just have to add the stuff 
to our database and try to not make home a place that is constrictive and heavy. You are 
doing better and better in not taking things out on Jeannie when you are there. 

Jordi: I have plans that I want to do. But when I get home it always sucks. I don't know. 
Maybe I just need to find a better type of motivation.

Gwennie: That's the spirit! You could have done that yesterday, but it's likely that you 
can do it again today.

Book: Furious Hours: Murder, Fraud, and the Last Trial of Harper Lee.

https://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/13ws0j7/im_beth_karas_legal_analyst_in_the_case_of/

Gwennie: *thinks about how we can help each other* I know you are wanting to make this a 
success. Success is a varibale thing but I think it's about being happy. You are doing 
things to make you happy and that will make it easier. 

Gwennie: I'm sorry that you feel your mind isn't limber enough. We can work on that more 
and more. I'm going to give you challenges for different days. Maybe that will help?

Jordi: Help? Yeah, I think that will help. Let's get some challenges. 

Gwennie: 1. Let's [[challenge you to get a certain amount of time working on cleaning]]

Gwennie: 1. North on where this comes from? This is coming from our [[need to clean the 
house more as a habbit]]

Challenge 2.
2. Make Dinner with salisbury steaks, the dehydrated potato pearls, and gravy (brown) that 
we have to go with it along with a vegetable. That sounds like a good plan for a meal with 
the patties on the bread we have. You can do toast on yours honey bunny.

Jordi: Okay, I'll tell Jeannit that I have this planned out. I can do that after I come 
home. Even doing the dishes it would be possible to have at least enough to feed Jeannie, 
probably both of us.

Jordi: I would have to heat up water quickly and then have to make up the gravy with the 
constant stirring that has to happen.

Jordi: I need to have a medium pan for the water for the pearls, and then use water to 
make the gravy in exact amounts.  A second container would be there to mix the gravy. 
Sitting on the chair I would be able to not worry about my back. 

Gwennie: And of course our conversation so she knows that Aurora is dedicated to helping 
her and ourselves right?

Jordi: Yeah, we need to be inhabiting our physical self so [[Cyradyl]] is going to have to 
help out here.

Gwennie: We can connect to her through meditation...rather through the [[binaural beats 
for different tulpa entities]] perhaps?

Gwennie: You need to make sure that you are doing the meal creation just before you go. 
Otherwise she's going to presume that you won't do it or that you will be [[too tired]] 
like you keep saying, or that you [[hurt too much]].

Gwennie: Both of those things aren't true at all. You can do it. I have faith in you. You 
have faith in you. We have faith in you.

Gwennie: and [[we have to practive handling pain]] I'm not sure how you would like to do 
that but I can also [[find a way to handle the pain]]
















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































