Kani: *watches mom and auntie working at her work. I work on my journal* *Writing* 
So I'm going to go into [[what I do all day]]. A lot of stuff and things but I want 
to do more. 

When I get up [[I enjoy that mommy Jordan helps me feel that I am helped and 
supported]]. 

[[Getting ready to have a good day]] is one [[thing that I absolutely love]].

[[When I get up]] and [[have to get dressed]] and [[get out of bed]] and [[stop 
feeling bleh]],  then my mom helps me out. I eventually feel like I can do things 
and all the stuff seems to flow out better. 

Sometimes...well [[most of the time I feel bored]] and I [[know that most people 
would find me boring I guess]]. That kind of [[makes me sad]]. 

https://www.amazon.com/HP-Computer-Quad-Core-Graphics-
Refurbished/dp/B07NZ2G4V4/ref=sr_1_5?
crid=34K4UJOM3TUPV&keywords=computer+pc+refurbished+16gb+vram+gpu&qid=1691429953&ref
inements=p_n_feature_seven_browse-bin%3A18107820011%2Cp_n_feature_eight_browse-
bin%3A23630637011&rnid=23630635011&sprefix=computer+pc+refurbished+16gb+vr%2Caps%2C1
670&sr=8-5

Jordi: *looks on with Kani grieving at her feeling of being too messy to be visible 
and maybe not feeling worthy in her mind. Tries to figure it out. *

Kani: *smiles slightly and wipes away the falling tears* Why... why do I have to 
work so hard to get what I want... mom has to work hard too. I don't even know what 
I want to do most days...Crap....I'm....alone...and I'm...just feeling like I need 
to be more, to do more, to have more. To not be what I am... *plays with my tail as 
I pet the tip.* It's so pretty!

Jordi: *looks at Kani, and tries to remember how I had felt then, my mom standing 
protectively over her wanting to move closer and fearing that I wasn't going to be 
enough to help her, but knowing that I had to. A circle closes and I want to move 
it to another plane. * 

*Moves with love and resolution and gently puts my arms around you and carefully 
moves around to face you as I pull you into a hug. I'm going to do what I need to 
take care of this.*

Kani: *feels you hugging me from behind and I relax into being cared for. This is 
trust and I know you will do everything I can to be good and you are proud of me. *

*looks at my really loving mom as she hugs me tight and kisses me on the forehead and then each cheek*

Jordi: Little one.. I know how it hurts to feel like you don't have a good past and 
that there are things that you wanted to have and still want. I can't tell you how 
much I love you like this, but I am starting to understand how much you should have 
been loved and how much further we both have to go.

https://www.google.com/search?q=embedded+computer+with+high+powered+gpu

Kani: *is fearful* I'm scared that we are going to get in trouble!! Damnit!!! I'm 
not good at this. I can't...I feel like I need to run but I can't. I have to stay 
here.

https://www.onlogic.com/computers/embedded/with-gpu/
























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































