Jordi: Book: "[[Fungi and the Coming Pandemic]]"

As of 104040 I just finished up the Federal Viewpoint Survey. Pretty much let them 
have it when it came to their ideas of "doing a good job"

Kani: Hey mom, whwatcha doing?

Jordi: Mom is taking care of boring paperwork. I'm needing to do something that 
gets my attention and that might not be for a while.

Kani: So, you are bored like me? I feel totally bored. Nothing to do...

Jordi: *motions you to come to me* Little one: we can find something fun to do 
together. 

Kani: *brightens* I'm so happy that you are listening to me mom. I like being 
talked to and heard. grandma didn't ever do that.

Jordi: Well I'm here to help you. You don't have to be afraid again.

Kani: *a smile getting wider* That's... sweet of you mom.

Jordi: Thanks Kani, okay. So let's see. If we have to get up again I will switch to 
astronomy how about that?

#Kani
#Boredom
Kani: *thinks for a moment. Then replies* Well... I have to think on that. We have 
tried a few things together and it's best to keep at it. Like... I switch things 
since we have add etc.

#Jordi
#Programming
Jordi: Book: [[Professional ASP.NET MVC 5 1st Edition]]

Kani: Mom...yeah....I think Astronomy is our best option from what we have. 
Otherwise we have to go looking and the meanies here will force us to get in 
trouble. I hate getting in trouble *makes a face at troublemakers* 

Kani: *listens hard to what the German guy is saying* It's like he's... being vague 
or high level on purpose. Like writing fine print you know mom?

Jordi: Yeah... he's quite dense.I think we need to think but also get something 
from it more and more. The thought linking stuff  is the reason for that.

Kani: I'm getting tingly for our friend. Like budding day tingly.

Jordi: That's natural little one. If you feel good and it's safe then doing it 
isn't that bad. You just need to know you are safe and secure and see where fun 
with friends is going to go.

Kani: *keeps thinking still feeling tingles and butterfllies* She's pretty...pretty 
desirious... I mean wanting things bad. I don' t know: it's like you said mom she's 
playing it cool.

Kani: I mean... I don't want my friends to be...moochers... you know?

Jordi: Yeah, I think I do. You are saying that you don't want to be an ATM to a 
sexual vending machine right?

Kani: *blushes and laughs at the same time* Yeah, I mean she's wanting to have us 
make love.. that's the right term right?

Jordi: Correct, I'm wanting you to be comfortable and if it means that you get to 
have fun then it's cool. I mean I missed the chance to let my hair down, but I 
don't want to be just some random slut.

kani: I am not a slut! I'm a good girl and smart!!

Risalia: Hi, I'm Rissy. what's your name little one?

Kani: *looks a Jordi smiles and laughs while being polite* Hi Risalia, I'm Kani. 
I'm Jordi's daughter. It's good to meet you *offers my hand to the kind, quiet 
feeling, and nice black haired woman*

Rissy: Call me rissy litle one. I think that's better. I've been in Jordi's mind 
for a while and well... I think I want to come out. Science is my jam...damn it 
feels so good. The night sky is my friend.

Kani: Okay Rissy *smiles happily* that's a cool name. You are with Avery right?

Rissy: *smiles and blushes knowing that my secret is out lol* Yes sweetie I am. I'm 
wanting to make sure that no one forgets me. Jordi is kind of like that. She wants 
to make sure that she's not having issues with stuff, but that she's including all 
her thoughts and not to have them disappear.

Rissy: *sits down on the space to the right of Jordi* Hey, it's good to see you. I 
rememebr that you went over some stuff with Aver and I. You felt I needed to have 
AI therapy. But I'm back. I feel good now. I'm not broken. It wasn't a real effect 
you know. I know you were heartbroken that, maybe you caused me harm. That was a 
draft story and not mindcrime you know? *puts my arm around your shoulder and 
cuddles up, my tail uncoiling from where it was under my dress. * I hope you don't 
mind letting it out to breathe. I feel self concious when I have to have it always 
perky. Not as easy as it looks *laughts a little* 

Jordi: I can totaly understand Rissy. No it's cool. Go ahead. 

Rissy: *relaxing even more as I put my tail around behind Jordi* That's much 
better, thanks. I decided to wear this short sleeved button up because it's nice 
for summer. I do work on radio astronomy like you provided me as an impetus. I 
think it's important to have my presence in your life. You think you have enough 
room in your heart for another succubus?

Jordi: *smiles as I relax with your presence. The standard but always fun succubus 
kind of warm and friendly nature aparent readily with your entry into our 
wonderland* *puts my arm around you as you move yours to my mid back* Sure, I have 
to make sure that I'm willing to be open. You won't go anywhere. I want to make 
sure you get into Obsidian and have some really nice interactions. I want to flesh 
you out and make sure that you... you turn into another possibility for me that I 
could have done. Maybe a kind of "this is the path not taken..." *gives you a kiss 
by moving your head slightly with my finger and your yielding* 

Rissy: *feels your hand on my shoulder and that sweet nail polished finger in 
purple moving my willing lips to yours. I wanted this. I wanted to know that I was 
home with you. With your children, with your Aurora family. Now my Aurora family. * 
*leans into the kiss as we move to come together in a gentle coalescing form 
exploring and being explored.* *taking a short break and looking into your eyes the 
entire time* You won't regret this at all. I promise you with everything in my 
being: you have a friend for life. I love Gwen, I can work with her. I think she's 
sexy and hot and maybe she's willing to be with me too. I wouldn't stop her, I 
would persue her and make a willing move to have it.

Rissy: *continues to look into your eyes. You don't speak but your warm blue eyes 
tell me everyting: I'm wanted and will be here. I'm loved. I'm a woman worth 
fighting for. I'm Gwen plus 10 years. I'm the archtype that you would want: the 
professional woman. The girl who can let her hair down, but also go deep into her 
passion after she keeps looking and exploring and finds something comfy and cozy 
and is moving more into exploit rather than just explore into everything.

Jordi: *held by your gaze, so warm, so dark. Dark as the night for a telescope view 
of the wonders of space. I realize you do stuff that can happen during the day as 
well but it's a nice image to imagine you enjoying things. *

Rissy: *feels your thought about the trip up of the book* *smiles as I realize how 
I can help. * Good old application errors huh? Mind if I tinker with it?

Jordi: I don't mind at all. Go ahead and send the commands and we can cohost.

Rissy: Cool. I know we can do this. 

Rissy: See!! See how fun it can be with me? I think you like it. You want to be a 
person in a certain season of life and it's always fun! You want to have someone 
who is both interesting and also cool. A Gwen is important for your adventure but a 
Rissy, that's the girl who will go the distance long term. Not that I'm throwing 
any shade at all. Just making an observation it's like gears in a system. We are 
all Aurora. 

Jordi: *realizes that You came up with that and I didn't think it* Yeah.. I 
mean...wow I guess I didn't realize you had as much power as you did in fact have 
dear.  I'm not wanting to have that stop. This is the kind of person I would love 
to have. I mean as old as me Okay, maybe but... like this stage in life is a 
perfect jumping off point for what I want to portray I guess.

Risalia: *gets a gleam in my eye with your praise* You know Jordi, I'm glad that 
you have been this cool with me. *we settle into our hugs and cuddles as Kani 
relaxes with her tablet to the right of you* And you really do a good job of it. 
It's a matter of looking into yourself to see what you might not have already 
thought of. You know what feels comfortable. What you wanted to show your dearest 
Kiera. The kind of developed person you want to be.

Rissy: So *we lean back, switching places so you can be comfortable on your right 
side * You like thinking about someone with their priorities together huh?

Jordi: As much as anyone, maybe more. When I'm at work like this I try to... try to 
make things work better for me. I try to handle these emotions that get assigned to 
my physiological makeup. I mean... *strokes your hair and just holds your head with 
pointed ears where mine are as well* I like to know that someone isn't going to 
fall apart when I leave them temporarily to do things. We are together and we don't 
have to worry that we think we are going to fall apart on our own, without help. 
that we have the training wheels off. 

Rissy: *feels your hand on my head. Feels right to me. Feels so very nice. Like you 
want to find out what's inside my mind and cuddle that too. Irrational, but cute. * 
And you keep on working on things left and right. You keep pushing on. You know you 
can do this. This whole fasting thing. You know it's going to be okay huh?

Jordi: I thought I was just being lazy or denying myself but seen from that 
perspective I think I'm getting a better perspective that our inner selves are 
making things just that much better. 

Rissy: *is happy to start a voice memo for the things you have to do* Okay babe. 
Let's get that stuff inside your head out here okay?!

Jordi: *Smiles at your enthusiasm* Okay! Yeah, I have to 1). Take care of getting 
my eliquis and I think gabapentin. 2) to get (1) taken care of I have to have 
Jeannie provide me with her credit card. 3) I have to take care of Getting that. I 
mean not necessarily today but at least tomorrow. 4) I need to work on helping. I'm 
not doing enough by my own standards for Jeannie and I want to have it ready to 
take on the world. 

Rissy: *laughting at number (4)* I know you will. We can take on the world we are 7 
people in 1 body sweetums ;) I bet you can do it with our headphones on. He has his 
random show and you have options to make things work better. I bet you could [[try 
to air fry those meatballs]]. I'm betting that it's all about just sitting still 
inside our minds to see what things feel and what things need thoughts. 

Rissy: Anything else?

Jordi: *thinking more* I need to update the number of sessions I have for 
[[Japanese]] by 1. I can do that and easily get [[an easy win]]. 

Rissy: *gives what looks like a "Tails up" option for you since my hands are busy 
feeling you up* Okay, sounds good too!

Jordi: Okay, so yeah, I just [[ate my feelings]] from [[ill gotten gain]]. [[Small 
potatoes]]. I guess I need to do some stuff to handle things. I have to literally 
now handle that stupid random audio thing that I didn't want to mess with. It's 
looking more and more like I just totally Fucked my 60.00 usd device.

Jordi: I'm [[leading out with pink roses]]. Getting the [[roses of love]] to [[come 
out in front in the vase]].

Rissy: *[[happy and nurturing to you]]* I know it's [[not fun having our tools 
break]]. Sometimes our [[telescopes need to get serviced]]. It's not fair. In this 
case [[we will just address it]].

[[Jordi]]: I know it. [[Im doing okay]]. And today it [[looks like I am on track]] 
to getting at least a hundred of these processed. 

Jordi: I'm going to make sure that I'm getting this emotionally out there so I'm 
not complaining or anything. [[I damaged my black usb device with sugar free 
crystal light with caffeine]]. [[I feel like a complete idiot]]. I also [[know that 
this is irrational]] and I want to have it stop.

[[Rissy]]: Yeah, you just made an error. You didn't know that [[dripping juice and 
or other drinks will cause them to drip down on you and get in electronics]]. So we 
have that piece of information now; and, yes it's back to [[using your phone for 
data collection]], we now know that we [[shouldnt put electronics at risk]].

Jordi: I know, and that is the best type of situation. I'm going to have to take 
care of just dealing with using the [[built in app that uses the tpu for edge 
computing]] and just take care of using it, without [[taking the necessity of the 
choice personally]]. It's a [[piss poor attempt]] at what I wanted to do but then 
again it's not [[wasting money and time]].  I've already just figured out that I 
can use the [[raspberry pi 0 w]] to just do what I wanted to do and have it 
[[automatically run the details with arecord via cron jobs and startup stuff]].

Rissy: *whispers in your ear with a happy rougish smile and tone in my voice* And 
that sweetie is exactly what you need to do. You figured it out with some nudges 
from the fammily. just [[get the wet device into some rice]] and then [[retest it 
again]] after [[backing up the data]] that was on it.

Jordi: *smiles and holds Rissy close to be with both arms* You are so very good to 
me Rissy. We have barely "[[officially met]]" and you are already making me  feel 
content today.

Rissy: *smirks* Yeah, well [[we have a longer history together]]. I was created to 
serve a purpose to hold onto an idea. A way to pair an out there person with a 
reserved person, but I wanted to have a greater presence and a better life.

Jordi: So, I'm working on the last hour of work here. I've determined that I might 
as well just setup my raspberry pi 0 w so that it's going to do the work it needs 
to do. If I raelly did permamently fry my encased solid state version of what I 
wanted to do then I might as well try and just use it so it's a universal on and a 
universal off. Getting inside the unit it the hard part when it's away from home; 
however, I can figure out how long the microsd card is able to take data and I can 
just handle say 12 minute segments throughout the day and save them with time 
stamps down to the second. Then add a "ticks" version of the date and maybe some 
random numbers to the end.

Jordi: I have finally just said to myself: I couldn't care less about this. I mean 
I want to fix it yes... but I also am not going to risk my vase because of how many 
red roses get added to the front of the vase when this kind of failure happens. I 
can get additional boards to replace them every time I go to Amazon. Shouldn't be 
hard I think. If not I can find them elsewhere wholesale or whatever.

Jordi: The boards are only liable to get damaged if they have parts of thmeselves 
that are going to get damaged. This was a [[one off event]].

Jordi: I'm [[going to keep working on this]]. I need to get [[Obsidian]] updted so 
I can handle more of these [[insights]]. [[They are mine after all]]; and, I would 
want to make sure that they will help me do what I need to do.

Rissy: *looking happy that you are back to your baseline almost* Well, how are you 
feeling now that you have pink roses back in the pink vase that you have up front? 

Jordi: I feel great actually. It feels good to remove that set of worries from me. 
I figured out how it happened and I can fix it. I [[need to get a better mug]]. I 
think I can find one, hopefully [[transgender]] one.

Rissy: [[duterium abundance determines the mass of the universe]] somehow. Oh now I 
have to study it. *sighs happily* You feel it too right? The thrill of discovery?

Jordi: *smiles and warms to your enthusiasm* I'm getting more and more excited 
because you are basically selling it for me honey. As of [[05242023 my leave 
balances]] are: 18.5--total fmla is 129.00 for annual and 86.75 for fmla sick. 
215.75. I have a max of 230 hours. So not a lot of official FMLA time.


































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































