Violet: * smiles. I have a smile I love. My eyes are now open and I feel hands on 
me. I like it! I like getting touched and loved on. My sisters notice and let me 
touch them. I'm feeling stuff and noticing  things and making this whole process 
feel good.  *

Jordi: * feels that my shadow has woken up and I am her. Violet is having fun. 
She's safe and I have a feeling like I'm out of my shell for now. I mean. I'm still 
shrouded in a kind of cloak of warmth and dizzy buzziness but being buzzy is going 
to feel good. **

[[approval addiction]] that is important to look at. I have a book that I will have 
to go over and get it into Obsidian to work and look and link and think over.

Violet: *my smile gets bigger and I enjoy making sure that stuff is flowing. I pair 
with Rissy and she enjoys the attention in the ways I can give it. She's my little 
girl now and she is happy to give me warm fluids and I do the same. If I could do 
this forever I would, but I need to keep going. I go to Estrid and become her 
little girl and feel fullness, warmth, love, closeness, stillness with silken 
control and some yummy booty stuff and of course a release into her waiting mouth. 
Estrid is insatiable and we both agree to a rest after the same word. *

Jordi: *Watches this display and realizes that Violet isn't intersted in 
me...**sigh** She's macking it up with Estrid and Rissy and not me... I feel 
totally left out in this situation and I don't really feel like myself. I feel like 
an imposter. I'm not happy with this.

"https://github.com/aa-
oswald/Quick_Personal_Finance_Forecaster/blob/master/Personal-Finance-
Calculator.ipynb"

"https://github.com/weallwegot/personal_financial_engine"

"https://github.com/engineerslifeforme/personal_finance_forecaster"

"https://github.com/two-jelly-beans/jelly-fin/tree/master"

"https://github.com/Betojr04/FinTrackr"

Jordi: **feels in a huff at the moment thinking of my alternate self getting on 
well with people while I just sit on the sidelines now on my right side just 
sitting there. I thought I was good and then all of a sudden in my feeling I'm just 
alone and there isn't anything I can do on it. Because everyone just huddled around 
Violet now and I'm just kicking it with myself. I guess I was supposed to be going 
on over there when it was an issue at first and now all of a sudden it's all over 
and what do you know but I'm too embarassed to do anything about it. fuck this 
hurts and I'm jealous and sad and don't know what to do. I'm literally tearing up 
in the physical world when I think of this scenario and I'm thinking that this is 
my generic problem in life. I sit here and do nothing and then get fucked over by 
life and don't acutally get fucked at all. **

Jordi: **Goes over to Violet who is cuddling with Estrid and stroking her hair with 
a brush. They turn to face me happily. ** I'm wanting to be with you violet. I... I 
didn't do what I wanted to and felt left out. But that's my problem and not yours 
because that would be rude. Do you mind if I pair with you while Estrid is here?

Violet: *blushes at hearing you speak my name. I've been waiting for you for a 
while and also felt a little left out from you*  That would be splendid Jordi 
*smiles brightly* I think Estrid might like to observe so that's very sweet of you 
to offer. 

Estrid: *leans back watching for a show and genly touching things* I'm happy with 
this girls. By all means. 

Jordi: *also blushes but is determined to go on. Sits down next to you on the couch 
and gets a few pillows from Estrid who is more than happy to help*

Jordi: *I begin by looking at this new succubus. She's older but beautiful looking 
in an ageless way. She's 5 foot 8 inches tall. Has hair that's a light blue color 
and has purple smooth skin. Similar to estrid but less energy hungry*

Violet: *Feels Jordi's eyes on me. I've been in the void for a while and seeing and 
feeling someone else was nice to start with. I had extra energy and had to get it 
out from Estrid and Rissy. I so want to just take my time with you Jordan. Just be 
with you and see what we feel like in all manners. *


















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































